HaSeul: It's cold outside, isn't it?
Yves: Yeah, it's cold.
? : It's a bit cold
(The coldest experience of LOOΠΔ = An Iceland experience)
HaSeul: The weather of Iceland was too cold But I know how to overcome the cold.
HaSeul: Just denying cold. Then cold will be nothing.
(But the pictures were pretty as much as cold!)
ViVi: The place where you took a picture of you with the red dress...
HaSeul: Right, it was really cold.
(The girls talking cheerfully!)
(But Yves has to go to do a photo shoot now!)
ViVi: Even her tip of nose felt cold
(So it's time to move on!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/Yves - D-1"
(There is a secret behind the beautiful feathers!!)
(The secret is staffs efforts!)
HaSeul: Hi~
HaSeul: The staffs are picking up feathers and scattering it over and over..
HaSeul: They're putting a lot of effort into that!
HaSeul: You know, my representative animal is a white bird.
HaSeul: So I put a feather in my hair…!
HaSeul: I feel it looks a bit unnatural~